Make time references to 4 parts, not 2 days (#1387)
carpentries/instructor-training: _episodes/06-feedback.md

![Screenshot of a workshop website showing location of customized survey links](../fig/surveyscreenshot3.svg)

### Timing Matters

We have found that learners are much more likely to fill out the post-workshop survey
while they are still at the workshop than they are after they leave the venue. At the end
of a multi-day workshop, your learners' brains will be very tired. Rather than trying to
fit in another 15 minutes worth of teaching, give your learners time to complete the
post-workshop survey at the end of your workshop. You will be helping them (with an
opportunity to reflect), yourself (you will get more useful feedback), and The Carpentries
(we improve our programs based on feedback, and our funders take pride in the success of our workshops, too).

## Minute Cards

> During any lunch breaks and between days, we

Author: ```suggestion
Before each long break, for example lunch or between days, we
```
I mostly want to keep the "before" not "during" while it may in practice sometimes bleed into break time, we should at least try to advise people to do this before the break time starts.

have learners complete **minute cards** to share anonymous feedback. At an in-person workshop,
paper sticky notes double as minute cards, with the two different colors used for positive and
constructive feedback. At an online workshop, this may be done by making a copy of our [Virtual Minute Card Template](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1p7iOV5HNvy4POS4g6eottY8RSfKq4kaoKz1-jIFYTMI/template/preview)
on Google Forms. Other tools can work as well, but we do recommend making sure that feedback is private and
anonymous. A public-facing sticky note board will receive different (and less useful) feedback.

Whatever method you use, you may wish to customize the prompt to elicit different types of feedback at each break.

**Example positive prompts:**   
- One thing you liked about this section of the workshop
- The most important thing you learned today   
- A new skill, command, or technique you are most excited about using

**Example constructive prompts:**  
- One thing you did not like or would change about this section of the workshop
- One thing that is confusing / you would like clarification on.    
- One question you have

> During any lunch breaks and between days, the Instructors read through the minute

Author: ```suggestion
During long breaks, instructors read through the minute
```
